rather go on a date with?
rather ask for tax advice?
rather start a new hobby with?
least want to sit next to on a plane for 9 hours?
least want to go on a date with?
rather get chess lessons from?
rather eat a meal with?
rather have as the best man/maid of honour at my wedding?
rather share a jacuzzi with at a spa?
rather have as my cellmate in prison?
least want as my cellmate in prison?
least want to eat a meal made by?
least want to start a new hobby with?
rather take helicopter flying lessons with?
rather plan a bank robbery with?
rather have show up at the door during a plumbing emergency?
rather star with in a Black Mirror episode?
rather have serve me in a restaurant?
least want serving me in a restaurant?
like to be best friends with forever?
rather watch a film with?
least want to watch a film with?
want as my therapist?
least want doing my tech support?
rather get tech support from?
want supporting me in an argument with a waiter at a shitty restaurant?
rather have as a housemate?
least want as a housemate?
choose to help me build a bridge?
call if I was in a car accident?
least want to call if I was in a car accident?
not want standing next to me while I pee?
not want to go hiking with?
least want as my therapist?
invite round to play Mario Kart?
least want to play poker with?
want to borrow money from?
trust the least when lending money?
want to sing at my birthday party?
least want to sing at my birthday party?
have confused, strange feelings towards?
not want to owe a favour to?
want to owe me a favour?
rather go shopping with?
rather be with on a 4-hour road trip?
most want to do a duet with at karaoke?
least want to do a duet with at karaoke?
listen to for hours talking about their life?
rather start a new sport with?
most want to spend a night at their house?
rather spend a day with at the park?
least want to be stuck in a broken-down elevator with?
most want to cook a meal with?
be most welcome if they showed up at my door at 2am?
call after a difficult breakup?
go on a quest with to return the One True Ring to Mordor?
most want to punch in the face?
rather face off against in a breakdance battle?
choose to cut my hair?
not want to go on a second date with?
take as my secret weapon to a pub quiz?
be least surprised by if I read they were arrested for drunk driving?
rather have hold my hair back while vomiting?
want to be locked in a hotel room with while suffering from food poisoning?
easily beat in a rap battle?
lose against in a rap battle?
choose to captain my multi-million-euro football team?
be disgusted by if my best friend happily called me up and said they had slept with them?
be most impressed by if my best friend called me up and said they had slept with them?
be most disappointed by if they were invited to my birthday but didn’t show up?
not want to argue with about something I was right about?
want as president/prime minister of my country?
